# TerminalSnake
Snake! In Terminal! With `ncurses`! Ugh... (>\_<)

Author: Bartosz Rodziewicz

## About
This game is simple implementation of snake idea. It's written in C++ with `ncurses` as a TUI. The code that provide `ncurses` support is based on [jvns/snake repo](https://github.com/jvns/snake) that is under MIT license (Copyright (c) 2013 Julia Evans).

## Dependencies
* Release
	* `ncurses`
* Debug
	* Threads
	* Google Test (included as a submodule)

## Run
To run a game create a new folder in project root dir, run `cmake` and `make`, eg:

```bash
mkdir cmake-build
cd cmake-build
cmake ..
make run
```

The game will automatically close after you loose.

## CMake settings
The app provides few targets depending on `cmake` build type. To set build type you need to pass `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` parameter when running `cmake`, eg: `cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ..`.

When parameter is not set the Release build type is set automatically.

The build types naturally differs with the compiler flags used (more about that in `cmake` docs).

### Release
This build type contains three main targets:
* `TerminalSnake` - game itself
* `run` - compile `TerminalSnake` target and run it
* `install` - more about that in Install paragraph.

This build type require `ncurses` library installed in your system (on Ubuntu can be installed using `sudo apt-get install libncurses5-dev`) and should not require `googletest` submodule.

### Debug
This build type contains 3 more targets:
* `UnitTests` - gtest unit tests
* `runUnitTests` - compile `UnitTests` and run it
* `test` - compile `UnitTests` and run it using `ctest` (you can do it using `ctest` command as well)

It requires `googletest` submodule, before running `cmake` make sure you have this submodule initialized and updated (eg. `git submodule update --init --recursive --jobs 8`).

More targets (auto-generated by `cmake`) can be found with command `make help`.

```bash
git submodule update --init --recursive --jobs 8
mkdir cmake-build
cd cmake-build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ..
make runUnitTests
ctest
make run
```

### MinSizeRel
Same as Release (difference in compiler flags tho).

### RelWithDebInfo
Same as Debug (difference in compiler flags tho).

## Installation
This game contains `install` target which lets you install the game.

It installs the game to the default (for `cmake`) directory. To specify custom directory you need to use `-DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` parameter.

Installation of `googletest` is turned off. `install` target can be turned off completely using `-DINSTALL_TERMINALSNAKE=OFF` parameter.

```bash
mkdir cmake-build
cd cmake-build
cmake -DINSTALL_TERMINALSNAKE=OFF ..
make install
#	make: *** No rule to make target 'install'.  Stop.
```
